It's your fault
Coax yourself
Little sister, don't cry
Don't you want to act?
Second brother will hand over your resume to the director tomorrow
The heroine who can't go down is on the spot, how are you?
Well, let me ask you
Such an important occasion today
Why is he here?
He's my assistant.
I sent him.
Then why is he wearing big brother?
Give me a custom dress
Didn't you say those were too small?
Can't you wear it?
Then I didn't say I could wear it for him.
It's just a skirt.
Let big brother practice all designers tomorrow
Both mate with you
Can I customize a new set for you?
not good
Miss Xia anyway
I ruined your press conference
I apologize to you. I'm sorry.